---
layout: post
title: "Working on getting page setup"
author: "Shane George"
category: blog
tags: [Uni]
image: drop-saw.png
---

My course will have units on Woodworking and metalworking.

I haven't done since early high school. Maybe my last time in a woodwork room was in Year 9 when I made a setsquare for Drawing, or the base of my electric motor in Electronics (that didn't work).

So, I went to visit the local Woodcrafters group. I visited their store at the Gateway Village and spoke to their secretary whow as in the store that day.

My plan is to drop by on Monday, join the group, and get experience making stuff, learning the skills, so I can teach it in maybe as soon as a year time when I do my first practical class placements.

## Memories of workshop teachers ##
I rememeber an instructor at Cerberus in the tools section telling me of how it took him a long while to build up his hand skills, when learning to sharpen drill bits.
Or the honest conversations in Electronics with Mr Bird about how they were slowly developing more areas for the design buildings (like welding bays). It was a while ago, I don't remember if Mr Bird was a part time teacher, or if he was still doing skill development or something.

I also remember in Year 7 or 8, that because I moved classes I dropped of the radar in Metal work and didn't do anything except play games for a few weeks. We would fold bits of metal to make goals, or a little hockey stick or puck and then play a game each lesson across the table - displosing of the scrappy toys at the end of class. My metal box was low quality, but already finished before I moved class. Then when it was marked the teacher was very disapointed, as I missed the memo on what he wanted to be done and admitted to not doing anything in his class (without saying I had been making toys to waste time in his class).

## Skills I need to focus on ##
Anyhow, I will need to do things to improve my woodworking skills.

I thought about things I was interested in, and have made a short list of things I could make:
1) Track for hotwheels cars
2) A jigsaw style game
3) Kotatsu - a low table with a blanket and header for my lounge.

I'm also interested in house restoring videos on youtube, like [Tokyo Llama](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gDu0YPcfsYw). That may be a way for me to build little things to make my house feel nice (or even restore a house myself to build my skills).

At the same time I want to keep using my webdesign skills, and for the past week I've not worked on the website project I started earlier this month (because of applying for uni, jobs etc.)
